- kids
but Marge everyone's going to think I'm
a cook because you're helping your wife
take some pictures do you have to have
an only fans account comer sites like
only fans empower consenting young women
to utilize their sexuality and a healthy
mature manner that helps them support
themselves and their loved ones
don't you want Lisa to go to a good
college okay did make sense oh I just
got a request from moe
he wants me to open a bottle of Duff
with my [__]
I could take on more chips at the plant
dad listen if mom wants to display her
femininity and Bart wants to watch from
the tree house and everyone's consenting
what's wrong with that the lower we can
grow as a culture to accept these
platforms that allow women to cut out
the middleman that better they'll be
able to live and contribute to society
if anything mom setting a good example
for me
here's that saxophone you wanted thanks
sweetie
Lisa's music teacher wants me to play
The Simpsons theme tune with my [__] I
don't know Marge I'm really not
toughening was it recording your digit
you can call me a Boomer or dick I'm
old-fashioned but there are lines I as a
man I'm not willing to cross when do the
[__] spread go from being an intimate
moment between a loving couple to a five
dollar perk for all my friends I won't
stand for it Marge and if you don't like
it then maybe we need to retake this
marriage
mr. Simpson your wife has been awarded
custody of the children the house and
half your [__] until the day you depart
this earthly coil a broken man however
this Court also finds you not guilty of
being a [__] here's the Presidential
Medal of Freedom $500 a 1dx gamer chair
and my respect
[Music]
quickly grab your phone feel the castle
your castle change the drapes become a
tyrant read your subjects on them train
them have them butcher your enemies feed
them a steady supply of nothing with
apples attract a hero make em look like
this guy or that guy give him an A K
what did you catch like this one pass
[__] which cold hustle castle you build
you Castle room-by-room get loo craft
weapons and traipse through a magical
Wonderland with a full story mode
Georgia means evilly Kraken to mistreat
your enemies like a head tie schoolgirl
download hustler castle to free by my
magic link below enter your nickname you
get a special bonus for new players get
ready click the man who just appeared on
screen or there's a link in the
description it helps us keep making
cartoons thank you
[Music]